woe to you who are at ease in Zion and
woe to you who are at ease in Zion and Trust in Mount Samaria notable persons
Trust in Mount Samaria notable persons
Trust in Mount Samaria notable persons in the chief nation to whom the house of
in the chief nation to whom the house of
in the chief nation to whom the house of Israel comes go over the counter and see
Israel comes go over the counter and see
Israel comes go over the counter and see and from there go to Hema the great then
and from there go to Hema the great then
and from there go to Hema the great then go down to Gath of the Philistines are
go down to Gath of the Philistines are
go down to Gath of the Philistines are you better than these kingdoms or is
you better than these kingdoms or is
you better than these kingdoms or is their territory greater than your
their territory greater than your
their territory greater than your territory woe to you who put far-off the
territory woe to you who put far-off the
territory woe to you who put far-off the day of doom who caused the seat of
day of doom who caused the seat of
day of doom who caused the seat of violence to come near who lie on beds of
violence to come near who lie on beds of
violence to come near who lie on beds of ivory stretch out on your couches eat
ivory stretch out on your couches eat
ivory stretch out on your couches eat lands from the flock and calves from the
lands from the flock and calves from the
lands from the flock and calves from the midst of the storm who's seen idly to
midst of the storm who's seen idly to
midst of the storm who's seen idly to the sound of streamed instruments and
the sound of streamed instruments and
the sound of streamed instruments and invent for yourselves musical
invent for yourselves musical
invent for yourselves musical instruments like David will drink wine
instruments like David will drink wine
instruments like David will drink wine from bowls and anoint yourselves with
from bowls and anoint yourselves with
from bowls and anoint yourselves with the best pointment
the best pointment
the best pointment but are not grieved for the affliction
but are not grieved for the affliction
but are not grieved for the affliction of Joseph therefore they shall now go
of Joseph therefore they shall now go
of Joseph therefore they shall now go captive as the first of the captives and
captive as the first of the captives and
captive as the first of the captives and those who recline at banquets shall be
those who recline at banquets shall be
those who recline at banquets shall be removed the Lord God has sworn by
removed the Lord God has sworn by
removed the Lord God has sworn by himself the Lord God of hosts says I
himself the Lord God of hosts says I
himself the Lord God of hosts says I abhorred the pride of Jacob and hate his
abhorred the pride of Jacob and hate his
abhorred the pride of Jacob and hate his palaces therefore I will deliver up the
palaces therefore I will deliver up the
palaces therefore I will deliver up the city and all that is in it then it shall
city and all that is in it then it shall
city and all that is in it then it shall come to pass that a ten men remain in
come to pass that a ten men remain in
come to pass that a ten men remain in one house they shall die and when a
one house they shall die and when a
one house they shall die and when a relative of the dead with one who will
relative of the dead with one who will
relative of the dead with one who will burn the bodies picks up the bodies to
burn the bodies picks up the bodies to
burn the bodies picks up the bodies to take them out of the house he will say
take them out of the house he will say
take them out of the house he will say to one inside the house are there any
to one inside the house are there any
to one inside the house are there any more with you then someone will say none
more with you then someone will say none
more with you then someone will say none and he will say hold your tongue for we
and he will say hold your tongue for we
and he will say hold your tongue for we dare not mention the name of the
dare not mention the name of the
dare not mention the name of the for behold the Lord gives a command he
for behold the Lord gives a command he
for behold the Lord gives a command he will break the great house into bits and
will break the great house into bits and
will break the great house into bits and the little house into pieces do horses
the little house into pieces do horses
the little house into pieces do horses run on rocks there's one while there
run on rocks there's one while there
run on rocks there's one while there with oxen yet you have turned justice
with oxen yet you have turned justice
with oxen yet you have turned justice into God and the fruit of righteousness
into God and the fruit of righteousness
into God and the fruit of righteousness into wormwood you who rejoice over lo
into wormwood you who rejoice over lo
into wormwood you who rejoice over lo debar who say have we not taken Canaan
debar who say have we not taken Canaan
debar who say have we not taken Canaan for ourselves by our own strength but
for ourselves by our own strength but
for ourselves by our own strength but behold I will raise up a nation against
behold I will raise up a nation against
behold I will raise up a nation against you o house of Israel says the Lord God
you o house of Israel says the Lord God
you o house of Israel says the Lord God of hosts and they will afflict you from
of hosts and they will afflict you from
of hosts and they will afflict you from the entrance of a mass to the valley of
the entrance of a mass to the valley of
the entrance of a mass to the valley of the Arab ah